=== LINE 1 ===
🎥 1: Hey guys, Trigger Warning for what we're about to show you. You're going to see raw footage, undercover footage from a historic case in Colombia that was the inspiration behind Sound of Freedom, what the traffickers, including convicted child trafficker Kelly Sloris Moia, actually said, is worse than what you see in Sound of Freedom. That's why I'm giving you this trigger warning. It's very important that truth get out. Enjoy the video. What he was actually doing was assaulting her everywhere. The irony of all this is that the victim is the trafficker. The 11th of October 2014, the country was surprised with an operation against the abuse sexual in a case of infantil prostitution discovered in Cartagena, the integrants of the group of proxies were captured and convicted. This October, their convicted were ratified by the above-carriage tribunal, only one of them was released. The others, as we see here, Kelly Johanna Suarez Moia, Juan Manuel, Oquendo Sierra, Alias Fuego, Samuel David Olave, Eduardo Ortegaiza, will have to pay 16-year-old convicted prisoners. The operation to dismantle this organization lasted several months, including the infiltration of agents of the Fiscalía and an ex agent of the FBI dedicated to fight against these groups. We had access to the investigation and the videos that were recorded in a scandalous and lamentable way, such as the minor of age were offered to foreigners. This informer contains some images and images, as you can see here, which are perturbators. All the images that we are going to show you are real images of operative speech. This is exclusive from Nauticia Caraco. The scene is a bit too much, and I'm going to do it. It's too much, I'll put it there. This is one of the most absurd parts of the way, as a band in Cartagena negotiated children to prostitutes. In this occasion, the offer was to foreigners. A scandal is negotiated that was not only verbal, but that were interested in the proposal to the Cartagena as these. There were foreigners who could see photos of those who would be their children or children. Sexual slaves changed money that would pay to the men who made them the offer. To have them there, they were caught by a false agency of models. Well, the first step was what they asked us in the Fiscalía. The Fiscalía was, please, that they go to the White House. And not just to see if it's true that they are soliciting the gringos that are there. We went there, we sat down for about 20 minutes, we had a chair, not asking for anything, not looking for anything, but sitting there and and we arrived a man who, as he said, as we call, and I have children for sex, they are injured. What Natrata Inbalar, one of the infiltrated people in the operation, was recorded in this video. What you are going to hear is the way how that day they offered children to have sex. This was the starting point of the investigation. Valar, an ex agent of the FBI that has dedicated the last years to infiltrate this type of organizations in Latin America, came to Colombia to be part of the operation Crystal 2. The other protagonist was this man, the Colombian agent who is the operator. What is the next step in the operation? Well, identify people. Identify people, see what kind of activity, activity, what kind of role, of each one is a little bit. So we were meeting the most members. The step that took place after this man, Juan Manuel, who closes the fire, someone opened the door of the organization to the point that 15 days after the operation in the beach, invited all the agents infiltrated to his house, where the issue was again the sexual abuse of menories. It is considered considered by the investigators in open as the most dangerous because they were in the territory of the criminals, it was also recorded. This that is being seen was what happened in that apartment. How do you call? They already have a 12-year-old sister, they want to take her. They are organized. They will help a 12-year-old sister. I will not talk to her. She says $ 1000. Or more. I want to see her well to pay $ 1000. Despite the efforts and the proposals that they planned to do until that moment, the agents in cover, they did not yet know the children and the children that the group were offering, however they were threatened in the negotiation and to do it, they organized a new meeting with the professionals, this time in a place chosen by the investigators. A place that we controlled, then we went to the restaurant in Cartagena in the beach and we put cameras well placed and from there we started to talk more details. And this was the record that the cameras did that day, or enough so that the meetings and the streets of the participants will be fully identified. These are girls that aren't super experienced because they are little girls. So try to have a little bit of a delicate, delicate look at them. The only woman in the table is the same as the apartment, Kelly Johan, Suarez Mulla, one of the candidates for the independence in 2013, she did not win, but she achieved a figure that was looking for. And then she arrived, that Suarez with the answer, she finished, what she said so far, and I say that she has been selected, please, and begins to play, while she is eating. I'm going to say that I'm a little bit innocent and that you are going to be the witness. Okay, thank you, we have other things that we have to talk about. With the trust of the organization in the hands, a dark proposal of the criminals who surprised the investigators and left the ambition of the money they had, the construction of a hotel. A hotel that is not sold by girls. Despite the initial surprise the investigators continued to play and they started talking about the investment in the hotel. A few days later, a party was organized to celebrate the birthday of one of the infiltrators, and as a proof of trust, the president of the president offered the place where he was going to build the hotel. There was also before the party, they pretended to close the deal. In the form of the one I was offering and that they had, the package completely was planned, the operation was planned or a party. And that party was in an island near the city of Cartagena. To demonstrate their economic capacity, of course, the investors decided to run with the guests of the party and take advantage of the circumstances to arrive first with the food and liquor and drink, and spend the same time with cameras and microphones to register the business, a business where for the first time and they were going to see the children and that became the final point of the negotiation. All the follow-up and the crew of the registrar who made the agents infiltrated during the months that the operation took place, and finally, that allowed the dismantling of the proximate. The fiscal year, the national armed migration, the Colombia, the ONG of Timbalar and the family came together to rescue the 54 minority who were being negotiated. In the island here, very close to Varu, in the island, the coquette, as we see it, in this map. What you will see next, corresponds to everything that happened in that island and the operation launched by Colombian authorities. The operation was completed as planned. The migration, Colombia, the armed and the ISEBF, disembarked a little bit after the proximate band had presented the children to the supposed clients who were actually agents in cover and personal of the foundation of Timbalar that collaborated for Colombian fiscal year. Just like in the previous meetings, this was also recorded. Before they were surprised by the operation. The cameras recorded the first contact of the foreigners with the children and the children. They were 54, but only a few were carried out before the group of the United States. In評zial, came to disbug their lives as long as was not average.� forgiving hesitation. He was beaten up to the inc markets and he was expelled from jail. Still beautiful. Wow. I remember I get good stuff. That's that bien. What I was looking for in these minor traffickers was so clear that they reiterated it one and another. That's why it's so important. But one question. What for? For all of us to be clear. This is very cool. It's a gift for them to have sex. It's a gift from one of them. Yes, but the child of 11. Yes, the child also. But it's a gift from a child. You know, it's a gift from a child. It's a gift from a child. With all the details of the foreigners and the foreigners, they agreed on the other business. The construction of the hotel where they were looking for commercializing sexual minorities like these. It was so clear that one of them defined what they were looking for. But because they were here, there were a lot of classrooms. Here it's here. It's being built by a family of legal. But I think we're going to do some legal. And among those illegal things that they pretended to do, they described the process they would do with children and children. It was a price for each one. I think. And they were those who fixed the prices. I remember that they said they had a price of 12 years. For $1,000, they were going to do this. Others were going to do another price. They were talking about each one. What price would they have depending on the sexual act they were going to do? As part of the operation, the agents in cover always tried to stop the children. They were preparing any un-controlable act at the time of the high school. That's why they achieved that 54 children were in this chaos, the situation of the criminals and the agents in cover, they went to the business. What did the exact thing take to cover the operation? And why are we here today? That took place for October 10th. October 2014. On Saturday, we went to the personal and best of the investigation. We were aware of that. Here, in this place, we needed the minimum of data. Obviously, the criminal gang, who was there, was receiving or organizing to be able to transport them. The route of an hour that took place was the minimum of data to arrive to the private island where the operating device was developed. We are going to the same time as hours later, when the agents were infiltrated, they were given a part of the money for the two businesses, the hotel and children, and the children were released from the high school. When the Delito was consumed, the operation began for water. Once the Delincuentes reduced, the attempt of the subordinates failed to dissolve the agents of the facility. No, no, silence. Silence. No. I'm not with him. He's recording everything. I'm offering money. I have the money. Help me please. A situation that I had a different response to the reiteration that everyone was detained. Please, please, read the letter of the capture. While the ZD was finished by the adults, the group of the ICBF kept the children. The capture of the two minors is the number of the people with the big ones. Yes. I have to tell you that the old man was released. Despite the fact that everyone knew the role that had played until this time the queen, that Lilluana, tried to convince the investigators that it was innocent. I'm not with him. I'm not with him. I'm with him. Please. According to her, it was only through the pass. However, in her place, the agents of the CTIF found a woman who contained details that called her attention. Lilluana, the couple is dead. It was a person who said that the pass is dead and that the number of 30 people was found. The number seems so important that someone gave the task to break those pages before the trial arrived to the trial. As the investigators were trying to get the news to Caracol. What was the most painful moment? At the moment, if the personal address was going to be, I would say that I was a little bit of a tumor. When we were captured, I was also a tumor. I was injured in the skin, I was injured in the skin that we were doing. That was one of the most painful moments. The fear of this agent was because they were here and the CTIF didn't know the role they were accomplishing. At the end, five captured were all the members of the band. Ten years later, the Tribunal, the top of the Cartagena, confirmed the sentence that imposed a game to 16 years of each one. Only one of them was solved. However, despite the firm's condition, all are free for termination and now the mission of the recommendations to capture them so that they can be filled with their foam. Ten years later, Tim Balar, ex agent of the FBI decided to infiltrate himself to collaborate in the dismantling of this organization looking back and explaining why he decided to do it. I was a special agent, as a federal investigator of two countries, doing investigations on the deal and the exploitation of children. We started a plan of how we could infiltrate the challenges that they created that existed. So, I decided to do something that many people thought was crazy. According to official figures in the last four years, about 400 children have been induced to the constitution in our country. The operation is the evidence of the way as every day there are children and children induced to the constitution, used illegally with sexual fines. This is 400-menoried victims that have been induced to the constitution to separate only official figures that have been announced. The official figures, according to authorities, can be even greater. The fragility of these children and children was the operation of the operation of the Crystal, which also inspired the sound of freedom. Tomorrow we will meet the report of one of the biggest victims of the year, and that was rescued in the middle of this operation. Today, Pedro is in exile, since he has risen to the danger by the constant threats that he has received to counter his testimony.
🎥 2: Hey, si tú eres un poco confusado sobre los videos de los videos, viste a ver este video. Y a mis amigos en el resto del mundo, si están medio confundidos por la información incorrecta, hay que ver el video siguiente. Y recordar que los niños de Dios no pertenecen a ningún partido político ni están a la venta. El 11 de octubre 2014 el país se sorprendió con un operativo contra el abuso sexual de menores en un caso de prostitución infantil descubierto en Cartagena. Los integrantes del grupo de proxenitas fueron capturados y condenados. Este día de octubre sus condenas fueron ratificadas por el tribunal superior de Cartagena, solo uno de ellos fue absuelto. Los demás, como los vemos aquí, que Lillonas Suárez Mollá, Juan Manuel o quendociera Alias Fuego. Samuel David Olave y Eduardo Ortegaiza tendrán que pagar condenas de 16 años de cárcel. La operación para desmatellar esta organización duró varios meses, incluyó la infiltración de agentes de la fiscalía y de un exagente del FBI dedicado al uchar contra estos grupos. Tuvimos acceso a la investigación y a los videos que registraron la manera escandalosa y lamentable, como los menores de edad eran ofertados a los extranjeros. Este informe contiene algunos hechos e imágenes como ustedes lo pueden ver aquí, que son perturbadoras. Todas las imágenes que les vamos a mostrar a continuación son imágenes reales de dicho operativo. Esto es exclusivo de Noticias Caraco. Esta es una de las partes más sordidas de la forma como una banda en Cartagena negució a niños para ser prostituidos. En esta ocasión la oferta era para extranjeros. Un escandaloso negocio que no solo era verbal, a quienes se interesaban le acompañaban la propuesta con catálogos como estos. Allí los extranjeros podían ver fotos de quienes serían sus niños o niñas, esclavos sexuales a cambio de dinero que pagarían a los hombres que les hacían la oferta. Para tenerlos allí los engañaban mediante una falsa agencia de modelos. Bueno, el primer paso fue lo que nos pidieron la fiscalía, por favor, que vayan a la playa blanca. Y no más para ver si es verdad que están solicitando a los gringos que están ahí. Y fuimos ahí, nos sentamos por unos 20 minutos, tuvimos una isla, no pidiendo nada, no buscando, sino sentándonos ahí y nos llegó un hombre como le dije como se llama fuego y el día yo tengo niñas para sexo, está enterazados. Lo que narró Tim Balar, uno de los agentes infiltrados en la operación, quedó grabado en este video. Lo que ustedes van a escuchar es la forma como ese día le ofrecieron niñas para tener sexo. Este fue el punto de partida de la investigación. Valert, un exagente del FBI que ha dedicado los últimos años a infiltrar este tipo de organizaciones en América Latina, llegó a Colombia para ser parte de la operación cristal 2. El otro protagonista fue este hombre, el agente colombiano que lideró el operativo. ¿Cuál es el siguiente paso en medir esta operación? Bueno, identificar a las personas, identificar a las personas, ver que tipo de actividad, actividad, que tipo de rol, desempeñar cada una. Fue así que fuimos conociendo a los temas integrantes. Paso que llevaron a cabo a través de este hombre, Juan Manuel Oquendo cierra Alguienz Fuego, quien les abrió la puerta de la organización al punto que 15 días después de lo ofrecimiento en la playa, invitó a los agentes infiltrados a su casa, donde el tema fue nuevamente la buso sexual de los menores. Esa encuentro considerado por los investigadores encubiertos como el más peligroso, porque estaban en el terreno de los delincuentes, también fue grabado. Esto que está viendo fue lo que ocurrió en ese apartamento. ¡Mien amigos, Fuego! Hola, Carlos Tomás. ¿Cómo se llaman? Están los hermosos. Ella tiene una hermana de 12 años virgen, quiere llevarla. ¿Cierre? Ellos. Ellos están organizando. ¿Ellos van a ayudar? No, no, no, no. Yo no he hablado. Le dije, mil dólares. ¿Cómo más? ¿Cómo más? Después. Quiero verla bien para pagar mil dólares. Tengo que haber por mí. No, el jefe gringo, sí. Es va a pagar, sí, sí tiene esto. A pesar de las ofertas y de los supuestos que ya se planteaban, hasta ese momento, los agentes encubiertos, aún no conocían a las niñas y a los niños que el grupo les estaban ofreciendo. Sin embargo, avanzaron en la negociación y para hacerlo, organizaron un nuevo encuentro con los proxenitas, esta vez en un lugar elegido por los investigadores. Un lugar que nosotros controlamos. Entonces, fuimos a un retorante en Cartagena, en la playa, y pusimos cámaras bien puestos. Y desde ahí empezamos a hablar más detalles. Y este fue el registro que hicieron las cámaras ese día, o suficiente para que la reunión y los rostros de los participantes quedaran plenamente identificados. Son niñas que no son múñiles como de ver, no son múñiles, pero... These are girls that aren't super-experienced because they're little girls. So try to have a little bit of... Delicade. No no be dealt with them. La única mujer en la mesa es la misma que se encontraba en el apartamento, que Lilluana Suárez Moya, una de las candidatas al reinado de la independencia en 2013, no ganó, pero logró una figuración que estaba buscando. Y ahí llega que Lilluárez con la respuesta, ella terminó, no, lo que estaba diciendo esta muy alegido, que se ha delicado por favor y empieza a como preírse, mientras que está comiendo. Se ha divasado un niño menos gente y que ustedes que le va a la esperanza. Ok, gracias, tenemos otras cosas que de hablar nosotros. Ya con la confianza de la organización en las manos, vino una oscura propuesta de los criminales que sorprendió a los investigadores y que dejaba ver la ambición de dinero que tenían, la construcción de un hotel. Ellos quieren hacer construir y están empendiendo a nosotros por una inversión para que construyeron un nudo. A pesar de la sorpresa inicial, los investigadores siguieron el juego y empezaron a hablar de la inversión en el hotel. Poco día después se organizó una fiesta para celebrar el cumpleaños de uno de los infiltrados. Y como muestra de confianza, la banda de proxioneta sofreció el sitio donde se iba a construir el supuesto hotel. Allí mismo antes del festejo pretendían cerrar el trato. Pues así que nosotros decidimos organizar en la forma de que ellos estaban ofreciendo y que tenían el paquete completo, se planeó la operación, se planeó como una fiesta. Y esa fiesta fue en una isla de aquí cercana a la ciudad de Cartagena. Para demostrar su capacidad económica, los supuestos inversionistas decidieron correr con los gastos de la fiesta y aprovecharon la circunstancia para llegar primero con licor y comida y ubicar al mismo tiempo cámaras y micrófonos para registrar el negocio, un negocio donde por primera vez iban a ver a los niños y que se convirtió en el punto final de la negociación. Todo el seguimiento y el crudo registro que hicieron los agentes infiltrados durante los meses que duró la operación, llevó un final que permitió desmantelar esta banda de proxionetas. La Fiscalía, la Armada Nacional, Migración, Colombia, la ONG de Tim Balar y Bienestar Familiar se unieron para rescatar a los 54 menores de edad que estaban siendo negociados. En la isla aquí, muy cerca a Varu, en la isla la coqueta como lo vemos en este mapa. Lo que ustedes van a ver a continuación corresponde a todo lo que ocurrió en esa isla y al operativo lanzado por las autoridades colombianas. ¡Todo se suelo! ¡A suelo! ¡Abajo! ¡Abajo! ¡Abajo! El operativo se cumplió como estaba planeado. La Fiscalía Migración, Colombia, la Armada y el ISEBF les embarcaron un poco segundos después de que la banda de proxionetas huiera presentado a los niños a los sufuestos clientes que, en verdad, eran agentes encubiertos y personal de la Fundación de Tim Balar que colaboraban para la Fiscalía Colombiana. Al igual que en las reuniones anteriores, esta también fue grabada. Antes de que fueran sorprendidos por el operativo... ¡La silencio! Las cámaras registraron el primer contacto de los extranjeros con los niños y las niñas. Era en 54, pero solo unos pocos fueron llevados ante el grupo de estadounidenses. ¡Muy bien! ¡Muy bien! ¡Muy bien! ¡Muy bien! ¡Muy bien! ¡Muy bien! ¡Muy bien! ¡Muy bien! ¡Muy bien! ¡Estoy haciendo como se llama! ¡Y ahora! ¡Todo peces! ¡Has loado! ¡Dime que me lo doy! ¿Quién saludo a Giera es como ellos le llamaban el jefe gringo? Otra gente infiltrado a quien debían ofrecer como los proxenetas decían el producto más fresco. Es decir, los niños y las niñas virgenis. ¡Ok! ¡Ya! ¡Ella es bien! ¡Wow! ¡Uuuu! ¡Hasta el número de dentura de los dos! ¡Hasta bien! Lo que buscaba en estos traficantes de menores de edad estaba tan claro que lo reiteraban una y otra vez. ¿No por eso está un poco? Pero una pregunta. ¿Para qué? Para que se, para que todos sentemos bien claros estos regalitos. ¡Eres un regalito! Ellos para tener sexo. ¿Pero ha sido un colegio de un regalito? Sí, pero el niño de 11. Pero traten suave con... ¿Te sabe? Con todo concretado los extranjeros y los proxenetas acordaron el otro negocio. La construcción del hotel donde buscaban comercializar sexualmente a menores de edad como estos. Estaba tan claro que uno de ellos definió así lo que buscaban hacer. Pero porque que no hay que hablar con las fras, aquí está con el que está construyendo por eso. Una pequeña legal. Pero se entero a hacer algo legal. Entre esas cosas ilegales que pretendían hacer describieron el proceso que harían con las niñas y los niños. ¿Pueden empezar a trabajar de edad de 9 o 10 años? ¿Empezará a trabajar? ¿Coclipolílicamente? ¿Te podías hacer un regalito? Este mundo es muy alegre. Yo les hablaron de precios cuánto dinero les pidieron a ustedes a cambio de esos niños. Era un precio global por los 54 niños. O había un precio por cada uno de ellos. Era un precio por cada uno. Creo. Y ellos fueron los que fijaron los precios. Me acuerdo que decir que tenía una de 12 años. Por mil dólares, aban de esto. Otras fue otro precio. Estaban hablando de cada uno que el precio tendría dependiendo del acto sexual que iben a hacer. Como parte de la operación, los agentes en cubierto siempre trataron que los niños estuvieran separados de ellos, previendo cualquier desenlace incontrolable al momento de la salto de la fiscalía. Por eso lograron que los 54 niños estuvieran en este que os cual lado del sitio donde los delincuentes y los agentes en cubiertos adelantaban la negociación. ¿Qué día exacto se llevó a cabo la operación? ¿Y por qué hoy estamos aquí? Bueno, eso se lleve luego para los días de octubre. No sé, octubre. En 2014, un día sábado nos reunimos el personal. Inmedió en la investigación, nos agentes en cubiertos. Aquí, en este sitio, se citó a los menores de edad. Obviamente la banda criminal quien los estaba recibiendo, organizando para poderlos transportar. El recorrido de una hora que hicieron los menores de edad para llegar a la isla privada donde se desarrolló el operativo. Pues el mismo que horas después en el momento indicado cuando los agentes infiltrados entregaron parte del dinero para los dos negocios, el hotel y los niños y las niñas se lanzó el asalto. Cuando estuvo consumado el delito, inició la operación por agua. Una vez reducidos los delincuentes, nos faltó el intento de suborno a los agentes de la fiscalía. No, no, silencio. Silencio, silencio. No, por favor, no estoy con él, amigos. Se está grabando todo, ¿no? Me he estado ofreciendo dinero. Por favor, amigos, tengo el dinero. Ayúdame, ayúdame, por favor. Una insinuación que lo tuvo respuesta diferente a la reiteración de que todos estaban detenidos. Los mayores de edad, por favor, me le leé, los derechos de captura. Tan capturado a partir de este momento. Mientras el Z y terminaba de someter a los adultos, el grupo del ICBF resguardaba a los niños. Todos los mayores, ahí son mayores que están con los grandes. Sí, ahí son los mayores que están con los grandes. Y hoy en el Oli por ellos. A pesar de que todo sabía en el papel que había jugado hasta este momento la reina, que Lilluana, trató de convencer a los investigadores que era inocente.
🔍 DIFF:
    - Hey guys, Trigger Warning for what we're about to show you. You're going to see raw footage, undercover footage from a historic case in Colombia that was the inspiration behind Sound of Freedom, what the traffickers, including convicted child trafficker Kelly Sloris Moia, actually said, is worse than what you see in Sound of Freedom. That's why I'm giving you this trigger warning. It's very important that truth get out. Enjoy the video. What he was actually doing was assaulting her everywhere. The irony of all this is that the victim is the trafficker. The 11th of October 2014, the country was surprised with an operation against the abuse sexual in a case of infantil prostitution discovered in Cartagena, the integrants of the group of proxies were captured and convicted. This October, their convicted were ratified by the above-carriage tribunal, only one of them was released. The others, as we see here, Kelly Johanna Suarez Moia, Juan Manuel, Oquendo Sierra, Alias Fuego, Samuel David Olave, Eduardo Ortegaiza, will have to pay 16-year-old convicted prisoners. The operation to dismantle this organization lasted several months, including the infiltration of agents of the Fiscalía and an ex agent of the FBI dedicated to fight against these groups. We had access to the investigation and the videos that were recorded in a scandalous and lamentable way, such as the minor of age were offered to foreigners. This informer contains some images and images, as you can see here, which are perturbators. All the images that we are going to show you are real images of operative speech. This is exclusive from Nauticia Caraco. The scene is a bit too much, and I'm going to do it. It's too much, I'll put it there. This is one of the most absurd parts of the way, as a band in Cartagena negotiated children to prostitutes. In this occasion, the offer was to foreigners. A scandal is negotiated that was not only verbal, but that were interested in the proposal to the Cartagena as these. There were foreigners who could see photos of those who would be their children or children. Sexual slaves changed money that would pay to the men who made them the offer. To have them there, they were caught by a false agency of models. Well, the first step was what they asked us in the Fiscalía. The Fiscalía was, please, that they go to the White House. And not just to see if it's true that they are soliciting the gringos that are there. We went there, we sat down for about 20 minutes, we had a chair, not asking for anything, not looking for anything, but sitting there and and we arrived a man who, as he said, as we call, and I have children for sex, they are injured. What Natrata Inbalar, one of the infiltrated people in the operation, was recorded in this video. What you are going to hear is the way how that day they offered children to have sex. This was the starting point of the investigation. Valar, an ex agent of the FBI that has dedicated the last years to infiltrate this type of organizations in Latin America, came to Colombia to be part of the operation Crystal 2. The other protagonist was this man, the Colombian agent who is the operator. What is the next step in the operation? Well, identify people. Identify people, see what kind of activity, activity, what kind of role, of each one is a little bit. So we were meeting the most members. The step that took place after this man, Juan Manuel, who closes the fire, someone opened the door of the organization to the point that 15 days after the operation in the beach, invited all the agents infiltrated to his house, where the issue was again the sexual abuse of menories. It is considered considered by the investigators in open as the most dangerous because they were in the territory of the criminals, it was also recorded. This that is being seen was what happened in that apartment. How do you call? They already have a 12-year-old sister, they want to take her. They are organized. They will help a 12-year-old sister. I will not talk to her. She says $ 1000. Or more. I want to see her well to pay $ 1000. Despite the efforts and the proposals that they planned to do until that moment, the agents in cover, they did not yet know the children and the children that the group were offering, however they were threatened in the negotiation and to do it, they organized a new meeting with the professionals, this time in a place chosen by the investigators. A place that we controlled, then we went to the restaurant in Cartagena in the beach and we put cameras well placed and from there we started to talk more details. And this was the record that the cameras did that day, or enough so that the meetings and the streets of the participants will be fully identified. These are girls that aren't super experienced because they are little girls. So try to have a little bit of a delicate, delicate look at them. The only woman in the table is the same as the apartment, Kelly Johan, Suarez Mulla, one of the candidates for the independence in 2013, she did not win, but she achieved a figure that was looking for. And then she arrived, that Suarez with the answer, she finished, what she said so far, and I say that she has been selected, please, and begins to play, while she is eating. I'm going to say that I'm a little bit innocent and that you are going to be the witness. Okay, thank you, we have other things that we have to talk about. With the trust of the organization in the hands, a dark proposal of the criminals who surprised the investigators and left the ambition of the money they had, the construction of a hotel. A hotel that is not sold by girls. Despite the initial surprise the investigators continued to play and they started talking about the investment in the hotel. A few days later, a party was organized to celebrate the birthday of one of the infiltrators, and as a proof of trust, the president of the president offered the place where he was going to build the hotel. There was also before the party, they pretended to close the deal. In the form of the one I was offering and that they had, the package completely was planned, the operation was planned or a party. And that party was in an island near the city of Cartagena. To demonstrate their economic capacity, of course, the investors decided to run with the guests of the party and take advantage of the circumstances to arrive first with the food and liquor and drink, and spend the same time with cameras and microphones to register the business, a business where for the first time and they were going to see the children and that became the final point of the negotiation. All the follow-up and the crew of the registrar who made the agents infiltrated during the months that the operation took place, and finally, that allowed the dismantling of the proximate. The fiscal year, the national armed migration, the Colombia, the ONG of Timbalar and the family came together to rescue the 54 minority who were being negotiated. In the island here, very close to Varu, in the island, the coquette, as we see it, in this map. What you will see next, corresponds to everything that happened in that island and the operation launched by Colombian authorities. The operation was completed as planned. The migration, Colombia, the armed and the ISEBF, disembarked a little bit after the proximate band had presented the children to the supposed clients who were actually agents in cover and personal of the foundation of Timbalar that collaborated for Colombian fiscal year. Just like in the previous meetings, this was also recorded. Before they were surprised by the operation. The cameras recorded the first contact of the foreigners with the children and the children. They were 54, but only a few were carried out before the group of the United States. In評zial, came to disbug their lives as long as was not average.� forgiving hesitation. He was beaten up to the inc markets and he was expelled from jail. Still beautiful. Wow. I remember I get good stuff. That's that bien. What I was looking for in these minor traffickers was so clear that they reiterated it one and another. That's why it's so important. But one question. What for? For all of us to be clear. This is very cool. It's a gift for them to have sex. It's a gift from one of them. Yes, but the child of 11. Yes, the child also. But it's a gift from a child. You know, it's a gift from a child. It's a gift from a child. With all the details of the foreigners and the foreigners, they agreed on the other business. The construction of the hotel where they were looking for commercializing sexual minorities like these. It was so clear that one of them defined what they were looking for. But because they were here, there were a lot of classrooms. Here it's here. It's being built by a family of legal. But I think we're going to do some legal. And among those illegal things that they pretended to do, they described the process they would do with children and children. It was a price for each one. I think. And they were those who fixed the prices. I remember that they said they had a price of 12 years. For $1,000, they were going to do this. Others were going to do another price. They were talking about each one. What price would they have depending on the sexual act they were going to do? As part of the operation, the agents in cover always tried to stop the children. They were preparing any un-controlable act at the time of the high school. That's why they achieved that 54 children were in this chaos, the situation of the criminals and the agents in cover, they went to the business. What did the exact thing take to cover the operation? And why are we here today? That took place for October 10th. October 2014. On Saturday, we went to the personal and best of the investigation. We were aware of that. Here, in this place, we needed the minimum of data. Obviously, the criminal gang, who was there, was receiving or organizing to be able to transport them. The route of an hour that took place was the minimum of data to arrive to the private island where the operating device was developed. We are going to the same time as hours later, when the agents were infiltrated, they were given a part of the money for the two businesses, the hotel and children, and the children were released from the high school. When the Delito was consumed, the operation began for water. Once the Delincuentes reduced, the attempt of the subordinates failed to dissolve the agents of the facility. No, no, silence. Silence. No. I'm not with him. He's recording everything. I'm offering money. I have the money. Help me please. A situation that I had a different response to the reiteration that everyone was detained. Please, please, read the letter of the capture. While the ZD was finished by the adults, the group of the ICBF kept the children. The capture of the two minors is the number of the people with the big ones. Yes. I have to tell you that the old man was released. Despite the fact that everyone knew the role that had played until this time the queen, that Lilluana, tried to convince the investigators that it was innocent. I'm not with him. I'm not with him. I'm with him. Please. According to her, it was only through the pass. However, in her place, the agents of the CTIF found a woman who contained details that called her attention. Lilluana, the couple is dead. It was a person who said that the pass is dead and that the number of 30 people was found. The number seems so important that someone gave the task to break those pages before the trial arrived to the trial. As the investigators were trying to get the news to Caracol. What was the most painful moment? At the moment, if the personal address was going to be, I would say that I was a little bit of a tumor. When we were captured, I was also a tumor. I was injured in the skin, I was injured in the skin that we were doing. That was one of the most painful moments. The fear of this agent was because they were here and the CTIF didn't know the role they were accomplishing. At the end, five captured were all the members of the band. Ten years later, the Tribunal, the top of the Cartagena, confirmed the sentence that imposed a game to 16 years of each one. Only one of them was solved. However, despite the firm's condition, all are free for termination and now the mission of the recommendations to capture them so that they can be filled with their foam. Ten years later, Tim Balar, ex agent of the FBI decided to infiltrate himself to collaborate in the dismantling of this organization looking back and explaining why he decided to do it. I was a special agent, as a federal investigator of two countries, doing investigations on the deal and the exploitation of children. We started a plan of how we could infiltrate the challenges that they created that existed. So, I decided to do something that many people thought was crazy. According to official figures in the last four years, about 400 children have been induced to the constitution in our country. The operation is the evidence of the way as every day there are children and children induced to the constitution, used illegally with sexual fines. This is 400-menoried victims that have been induced to the constitution to separate only official figures that have been announced. The official figures, according to authorities, can be even greater. The fragility of these children and children was the operation of the operation of the Crystal, which also inspired the sound of freedom. Tomorrow we will meet the report of one of the biggest victims of the year, and that was rescued in the middle of this operation. Today, Pedro is in exile, since he has risen to the danger by the constant threats that he has received to counter his testimony.
    + Hey, si tú eres un poco confusado sobre los videos de los videos, viste a ver este video. Y a mis amigos en el resto del mundo, si están medio confundidos por la información incorrecta, hay que ver el video siguiente. Y recordar que los niños de Dios no pertenecen a ningún partido político ni están a la venta. El 11 de octubre 2014 el país se sorprendió con un operativo contra el abuso sexual de menores en un caso de prostitución infantil descubierto en Cartagena. Los integrantes del grupo de proxenitas fueron capturados y condenados. Este día de octubre sus condenas fueron ratificadas por el tribunal superior de Cartagena, solo uno de ellos fue absuelto. Los demás, como los vemos aquí, que Lillonas Suárez Mollá, Juan Manuel o quendociera Alias Fuego. Samuel David Olave y Eduardo Ortegaiza tendrán que pagar condenas de 16 años de cárcel. La operación para desmatellar esta organización duró varios meses, incluyó la infiltración de agentes de la fiscalía y de un exagente del FBI dedicado al uchar contra estos grupos. Tuvimos acceso a la investigación y a los videos que registraron la manera escandalosa y lamentable, como los menores de edad eran ofertados a los extranjeros. Este informe contiene algunos hechos e imágenes como ustedes lo pueden ver aquí, que son perturbadoras. Todas las imágenes que les vamos a mostrar a continuación son imágenes reales de dicho operativo. Esto es exclusivo de Noticias Caraco. Esta es una de las partes más sordidas de la forma como una banda en Cartagena negució a niños para ser prostituidos. En esta ocasión la oferta era para extranjeros. Un escandaloso negocio que no solo era verbal, a quienes se interesaban le acompañaban la propuesta con catálogos como estos. Allí los extranjeros podían ver fotos de quienes serían sus niños o niñas, esclavos sexuales a cambio de dinero que pagarían a los hombres que les hacían la oferta. Para tenerlos allí los engañaban mediante una falsa agencia de modelos. Bueno, el primer paso fue lo que nos pidieron la fiscalía, por favor, que vayan a la playa blanca. Y no más para ver si es verdad que están solicitando a los gringos que están ahí. Y fuimos ahí, nos sentamos por unos 20 minutos, tuvimos una isla, no pidiendo nada, no buscando, sino sentándonos ahí y nos llegó un hombre como le dije como se llama fuego y el día yo tengo niñas para sexo, está enterazados. Lo que narró Tim Balar, uno de los agentes infiltrados en la operación, quedó grabado en este video. Lo que ustedes van a escuchar es la forma como ese día le ofrecieron niñas para tener sexo. Este fue el punto de partida de la investigación. Valert, un exagente del FBI que ha dedicado los últimos años a infiltrar este tipo de organizaciones en América Latina, llegó a Colombia para ser parte de la operación cristal 2. El otro protagonista fue este hombre, el agente colombiano que lideró el operativo. ¿Cuál es el siguiente paso en medir esta operación? Bueno, identificar a las personas, identificar a las personas, ver que tipo de actividad, actividad, que tipo de rol, desempeñar cada una. Fue así que fuimos conociendo a los temas integrantes. Paso que llevaron a cabo a través de este hombre, Juan Manuel Oquendo cierra Alguienz Fuego, quien les abrió la puerta de la organización al punto que 15 días después de lo ofrecimiento en la playa, invitó a los agentes infiltrados a su casa, donde el tema fue nuevamente la buso sexual de los menores. Esa encuentro considerado por los investigadores encubiertos como el más peligroso, porque estaban en el terreno de los delincuentes, también fue grabado. Esto que está viendo fue lo que ocurrió en ese apartamento. ¡Mien amigos, Fuego! Hola, Carlos Tomás. ¿Cómo se llaman? Están los hermosos. Ella tiene una hermana de 12 años virgen, quiere llevarla. ¿Cierre? Ellos. Ellos están organizando. ¿Ellos van a ayudar? No, no, no, no. Yo no he hablado. Le dije, mil dólares. ¿Cómo más? ¿Cómo más? Después. Quiero verla bien para pagar mil dólares. Tengo que haber por mí. No, el jefe gringo, sí. Es va a pagar, sí, sí tiene esto. A pesar de las ofertas y de los supuestos que ya se planteaban, hasta ese momento, los agentes encubiertos, aún no conocían a las niñas y a los niños que el grupo les estaban ofreciendo. Sin embargo, avanzaron en la negociación y para hacerlo, organizaron un nuevo encuentro con los proxenitas, esta vez en un lugar elegido por los investigadores. Un lugar que nosotros controlamos. Entonces, fuimos a un retorante en Cartagena, en la playa, y pusimos cámaras bien puestos. Y desde ahí empezamos a hablar más detalles. Y este fue el registro que hicieron las cámaras ese día, o suficiente para que la reunión y los rostros de los participantes quedaran plenamente identificados. Son niñas que no son múñiles como de ver, no son múñiles, pero... These are girls that aren't super-experienced because they're little girls. So try to have a little bit of... Delicade. No no be dealt with them. La única mujer en la mesa es la misma que se encontraba en el apartamento, que Lilluana Suárez Moya, una de las candidatas al reinado de la independencia en 2013, no ganó, pero logró una figuración que estaba buscando. Y ahí llega que Lilluárez con la respuesta, ella terminó, no, lo que estaba diciendo esta muy alegido, que se ha delicado por favor y empieza a como preírse, mientras que está comiendo. Se ha divasado un niño menos gente y que ustedes que le va a la esperanza. Ok, gracias, tenemos otras cosas que de hablar nosotros. Ya con la confianza de la organización en las manos, vino una oscura propuesta de los criminales que sorprendió a los investigadores y que dejaba ver la ambición de dinero que tenían, la construcción de un hotel. Ellos quieren hacer construir y están empendiendo a nosotros por una inversión para que construyeron un nudo. A pesar de la sorpresa inicial, los investigadores siguieron el juego y empezaron a hablar de la inversión en el hotel. Poco día después se organizó una fiesta para celebrar el cumpleaños de uno de los infiltrados. Y como muestra de confianza, la banda de proxioneta sofreció el sitio donde se iba a construir el supuesto hotel. Allí mismo antes del festejo pretendían cerrar el trato. Pues así que nosotros decidimos organizar en la forma de que ellos estaban ofreciendo y que tenían el paquete completo, se planeó la operación, se planeó como una fiesta. Y esa fiesta fue en una isla de aquí cercana a la ciudad de Cartagena. Para demostrar su capacidad económica, los supuestos inversionistas decidieron correr con los gastos de la fiesta y aprovecharon la circunstancia para llegar primero con licor y comida y ubicar al mismo tiempo cámaras y micrófonos para registrar el negocio, un negocio donde por primera vez iban a ver a los niños y que se convirtió en el punto final de la negociación. Todo el seguimiento y el crudo registro que hicieron los agentes infiltrados durante los meses que duró la operación, llevó un final que permitió desmantelar esta banda de proxionetas. La Fiscalía, la Armada Nacional, Migración, Colombia, la ONG de Tim Balar y Bienestar Familiar se unieron para rescatar a los 54 menores de edad que estaban siendo negociados. En la isla aquí, muy cerca a Varu, en la isla la coqueta como lo vemos en este mapa. Lo que ustedes van a ver a continuación corresponde a todo lo que ocurrió en esa isla y al operativo lanzado por las autoridades colombianas. ¡Todo se suelo! ¡A suelo! ¡Abajo! ¡Abajo! ¡Abajo! El operativo se cumplió como estaba planeado. La Fiscalía Migración, Colombia, la Armada y el ISEBF les embarcaron un poco segundos después de que la banda de proxionetas huiera presentado a los niños a los sufuestos clientes que, en verdad, eran agentes encubiertos y personal de la Fundación de Tim Balar que colaboraban para la Fiscalía Colombiana. Al igual que en las reuniones anteriores, esta también fue grabada. Antes de que fueran sorprendidos por el operativo... ¡La silencio! Las cámaras registraron el primer contacto de los extranjeros con los niños y las niñas. Era en 54, pero solo unos pocos fueron llevados ante el grupo de estadounidenses. ¡Muy bien! ¡Muy bien! ¡Muy bien! ¡Muy bien! ¡Muy bien! ¡Muy bien! ¡Muy bien! ¡Muy bien! ¡Muy bien! ¡Estoy haciendo como se llama! ¡Y ahora! ¡Todo peces! ¡Has loado! ¡Dime que me lo doy! ¿Quién saludo a Giera es como ellos le llamaban el jefe gringo? Otra gente infiltrado a quien debían ofrecer como los proxenetas decían el producto más fresco. Es decir, los niños y las niñas virgenis. ¡Ok! ¡Ya! ¡Ella es bien! ¡Wow! ¡Uuuu! ¡Hasta el número de dentura de los dos! ¡Hasta bien! Lo que buscaba en estos traficantes de menores de edad estaba tan claro que lo reiteraban una y otra vez. ¿No por eso está un poco? Pero una pregunta. ¿Para qué? Para que se, para que todos sentemos bien claros estos regalitos. ¡Eres un regalito! Ellos para tener sexo. ¿Pero ha sido un colegio de un regalito? Sí, pero el niño de 11. Pero traten suave con... ¿Te sabe? Con todo concretado los extranjeros y los proxenetas acordaron el otro negocio. La construcción del hotel donde buscaban comercializar sexualmente a menores de edad como estos. Estaba tan claro que uno de ellos definió así lo que buscaban hacer. Pero porque que no hay que hablar con las fras, aquí está con el que está construyendo por eso. Una pequeña legal. Pero se entero a hacer algo legal. Entre esas cosas ilegales que pretendían hacer describieron el proceso que harían con las niñas y los niños. ¿Pueden empezar a trabajar de edad de 9 o 10 años? ¿Empezará a trabajar? ¿Coclipolílicamente? ¿Te podías hacer un regalito? Este mundo es muy alegre. Yo les hablaron de precios cuánto dinero les pidieron a ustedes a cambio de esos niños. Era un precio global por los 54 niños. O había un precio por cada uno de ellos. Era un precio por cada uno. Creo. Y ellos fueron los que fijaron los precios. Me acuerdo que decir que tenía una de 12 años. Por mil dólares, aban de esto. Otras fue otro precio. Estaban hablando de cada uno que el precio tendría dependiendo del acto sexual que iben a hacer. Como parte de la operación, los agentes en cubierto siempre trataron que los niños estuvieran separados de ellos, previendo cualquier desenlace incontrolable al momento de la salto de la fiscalía. Por eso lograron que los 54 niños estuvieran en este que os cual lado del sitio donde los delincuentes y los agentes en cubiertos adelantaban la negociación. ¿Qué día exacto se llevó a cabo la operación? ¿Y por qué hoy estamos aquí? Bueno, eso se lleve luego para los días de octubre. No sé, octubre. En 2014, un día sábado nos reunimos el personal. Inmedió en la investigación, nos agentes en cubiertos. Aquí, en este sitio, se citó a los menores de edad. Obviamente la banda criminal quien los estaba recibiendo, organizando para poderlos transportar. El recorrido de una hora que hicieron los menores de edad para llegar a la isla privada donde se desarrolló el operativo. Pues el mismo que horas después en el momento indicado cuando los agentes infiltrados entregaron parte del dinero para los dos negocios, el hotel y los niños y las niñas se lanzó el asalto. Cuando estuvo consumado el delito, inició la operación por agua. Una vez reducidos los delincuentes, nos faltó el intento de suborno a los agentes de la fiscalía. No, no, silencio. Silencio, silencio. No, por favor, no estoy con él, amigos. Se está grabando todo, ¿no? Me he estado ofreciendo dinero. Por favor, amigos, tengo el dinero. Ayúdame, ayúdame, por favor. Una insinuación que lo tuvo respuesta diferente a la reiteración de que todos estaban detenidos. Los mayores de edad, por favor, me le leé, los derechos de captura. Tan capturado a partir de este momento. Mientras el Z y terminaba de someter a los adultos, el grupo del ICBF resguardaba a los niños. Todos los mayores, ahí son mayores que están con los grandes. Sí, ahí son los mayores que están con los grandes. Y hoy en el Oli por ellos. A pesar de que todo sabía en el papel que había jugado hasta este momento la reina, que Lilluana, trató de convencer a los investigadores que era inocente.
